Myths page (#355)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn-faq.md

It is also possible to copy both `own stake` and `other stake` on the Staking page to a spreadsheet and then do a simple calculation.

## Myths

Below we present some myths about Polkadot that we've seen in the community.
We're not absolutely sure what the origin of these myths are -- maybe they arise
from people who have not taken the time to understand Polkadot. Regardless,
we have collected a rebuttal for each of the common myths below. Feel free to
link out to this page if you see one of these myths propagated on discussion platforms
of the internet. 

### Polkadot is an "Ethereum-killer"

Some people position blockchains antagonistically against each other, claiming
that all of the new blockchains are by default "Ethereum killers". The line of
thinking is that there is a limited market share for blockchain platforms and
therefore all projects are competing and vying for the lion's share. There may
be some truth to this in the wide ecosystem of blockchain projects, but not all
of them.

> Polkadot and Ethereum have significant differences in their technology, governance
> ideology, and community that instead forms a complimentary whole instead of a
> divided pie. Polkadot is a network for parachain applications, which may likely
> be domain-specific blockchains. Ethereum is instead a smart contract chain that
> focuses on maximizing the decentralization of its architecture. For more on the
> differences between the two chains see the more comprehensive [comparison article](learn-comparison-ethereum).

Author: ```suggestion
Testing a multi-line suggestions.
Polkadot is a network for parachain applications, which may likely
be domain-specific blockchains. Ethereum is instead a smart contract chain that
focuses on maximizing the decentralization of its architecture. For more on the
differences between the two chains see the more comprehensive [comparison article](learn-comparison-ethereum).
```
